Add pre-trained models from HuggingFace and add accuracy testing (#164)
FluxML/Metalhead.jl: docs/dev-guide/contributing.md

## Adding pre-trained weights

To add pre-trained weights for an existing model or new model, you can [open a PR](https://github.com/FluxML/Metalhead.jl/pulls). Below, we describe the steps you should follow to get there.

1. Train your model or port the weights from another framework.
2. Save the model using [BSON.jl](https://github.com/JuliaIO/BSON.jl) with `BSON.@save "modelname.bson" model`. It is important that your model is saved under the key `model`.
3. Compress the saved model as a tarball using `tar -cvzf modelname.tar.gz modelname.bson`.
4. Obtain the SHAs (see the [Pkg docs](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/artifacts/#Basic-Usage)). Edit the `Artifacts.toml` file in the Metalhead.jl repository and add entry for your model. You can leave the URL empty for now.
5. Open a PR on Metalhead.jl. Be sure to ping a maintainer (e.g. `@darsnack`) to let us know that you are adding a pre-trained weight. We will create a model repository on HuggingFace if it does not already exist.

> 6. Open a PR to the [corresponding HuggingFace repo](https://huggingface.co/FluxML). We will merge your PR.

Reviewer: maybe this is clear to regular HuggingFace users but not to me. How do I open a PR? Should I follow these instructions https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/model_sharing?

Author: Good point, updated with more details and links to HF docs.

# Contributing to Metalhead.jl

We welcome contributions from anyone to Metalhead.jl! Thank you for taking the time to make our ecosystem better.

You can contribute by fixing bugs, adding new models, or adding pre-trained weights. If you aren't ready to write some code, but you think you found a bug or have a feature request, please [post an issue](https://github.com/FluxML/Metalhead.jl/issues/new/choose).

Before continuing, make sure you read the [FluxML contributing guide](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) for general guidelines and tips.

## Fixing bugs

To fix a bug in Metalhead.jl, you can [open a PR](https://github.com/FluxML/Metalhead.jl/pulls). It would be helpful to file an issue first so that we can confirm the bug.

## Adding models

To add a new model architecture to Metalhead.jl, you can [open a PR](https://github.com/FluxML/Metalhead.jl/pulls). Keep in mind a few guiding principles for how this package is designed:

- reuse layers from Flux as much as possible (e.g. use `Parallel` before defining a `Bottleneck` struct)

> - adhere as closely as possible to a reference such as a published paper (i.e. the structure of your model should be intuitive based on the paper)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- adhere as closely as possible to a reference such as a published paper (i.e. the structure of your model should be intuitively based on the paper)
```

> - use generic functional builders (e.g. [`resnet`](#) is the core function that build "ResNet-like" models based on the principles in the paper)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use generic functional builders (e.g. [`resnet`](#) is the core function that builds "ResNet-like" models)
```

4. Obtain the SHAs (see the [Pkg docs](https://pkgdocs.julialang.org/v1/artifacts/#Basic-Usage)). Edit the `Artifacts.toml` file in the Metalhead.jl repository and add entry for your model. You can leave the URL empty for now.
5. Open a PR on Metalhead.jl. Be sure to ping a maintainer (e.g. `@darsnack`) to let us know that you are adding a pre-trained weight. We will create a model repository on HuggingFace if it does not already exist.
6. Open a PR to the [corresponding HuggingFace repo](https://huggingface.co/FluxML). Do this by going to the "Community" tab in the HuggingFace repository. PRs and discussions are shown as the same thing in the HuggingFace web app. You can use your local Git program to make clone the repo and make PRs if you wish. Check out the [guide on PRs to HuggingFace](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/repositories-pull-requests-discussions) for more information.
7. Copy the download URL for the model file that you added to HuggingFace. Make sure to grab the URL for a specific commit and not for the `main` branch.
8. Update your Metalhead.jl PR by adding the URL to the Artifacts.toml.
9. If the tests pass for your weights, we will merge your PR!

> 

Reviewer: Is there anything to be said about which kind of tests we expect to be added or how to make sure that the model is well trained?

Reviewer: Ok, I see we have `acctest` testing a few images. Ideally when adding a new model also the full test accuracy should be reported, and we can keep them in a table
